BD-4866: Updates to Experiment Path behavior (#9972)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_user_guide/engagement_tools/canvas/managing_canvases/change_your_canvas_after_launch.md

### Experiment Path step

> If your Canvas has an active or in progress experiment and you update the active Canvas (even if it's not to the Experiment Path step), the in-progress experiment will end. To restart the experiment period, you can duplicate and create a new Canvas instead of updating the Canvas.

Author: ```suggestion
If your Canvas has an active or in progress experiment and you update the active Canvas (even if it's not to the Experiment Path step), the in-progress experiment will end. To restart the experiment, you can disconnect the existing Experiment Path and launch a new one, or duplicate the Canvas and launch a new Canvas.
```
